Update snapshot message format (#1843)
CodeChain-io/codechain: spec/Block-Synchronization-Extension.md

* Restriction:
  * MUST include at least one item

### GetStateChunk

```

> GetStateChunk(block_hash, chunk_root)

Reviewer: See the proposal closely. It is a list of chunk roots.
https://research.codechain.io/t/snapshot-sync-proposal/21

Author: Sorry for the mistake.
I think this format is better though. I left a suggestion to the proposal.

  * If received body is zero-length array, it means either body value is [], or sender doesn’t have body for requested hash

### StateChunk
```

> StateChunk(compressed([(key_0, value_0), …] | []))

Reviewer: The format is different from the proposal.

```

> Response to `GetStateChunk` message. Key and value included in this messages are raw value stored in state trie. Snappy algorithm is used for compression of content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Response to `GetStateChunk` message. Keys and values included in this messages are raw value stored in state trie. Snappy algorithm is used for compression of content.
```
